Everybody wants to know about Palestine and what we can do to help.
Well the last time I went to the region and spoke to somebody who really has been helping them he said: "Why are you Muslims in the West so preoccupied with things in our backyard rather than sorting out things in your own backyard. If you really want to help the whole Ummah globally then build up your own communities until you a strong enough to make a difference globally" 

Yelling at demonstrations it's not "Haram", but it's not going to make any difference to US foreign policy, at the moment.

The US foreign policy will be swayed by communities that are well-entrenched and I respected and economically powerful. US foreign policy will not be swayed even by a block vote from 20 million US muslims if they did represent a significant community. So if you want to help palestine and don't get involved in some kind of political lobbying in the expectation that is actually going to make a difference.

What Muslim in campaign has other contributed even to swaying by one percent any of the decisions that the Pentagon and the State Department has undertaken people try and are sincere but it doesn't in practice make a difference if it did then we should do it reality is that it doesn't.

So what this guy was telling me and he is somebody who has given millions to palestinian things of  all kinds he said "Sort out your own communities because you can make a difference to sort out the situation in your Mosque; Sort out the weak in your communities; Try and create strong British Islam, that the government can begin to take seriously. Try and unify yourselves so that the government conceive that you are serious and represented in one voice. Sort yourselves out and then think about things that a in the wider world. Because Islam is not just about the expression of emotional solidarity Islam is about dealing with "wa ibda2 bi man ta3ud" begin with your own family responsibility starts at home and in the neighborhood and then the local mosque community, and then and then, and then. 

Now if everybody is wealthy in your community, which is unlikely, or there is nobody in need of help, which is unlikely, but if that is your perception, of course you can send donations to help the needy, and make absolutely sure that you are sending it through individuals that you know at every stage of the way - Otherwise you will, nowadays, end up in in a cage in cuba that's the situation now. That is fine, that is "Sadaqa" at a distance, that is "Dabiha" in gaza. That's fine, many people do that. But the political thing there is nothing we can do until we have become strong enough for the significant forces in the world to take us seriously